# Title
Bandit Level 13 → Level 14

## Description
The password for the next level is stored in /etc/bandit_pass/bandit14 and can only be read by user bandit14. For this level, you don’t get the next password, but you get a private SSH key that can be used to log into the next level. Note: localhost is a hostname that refers to the machine you are working on

## Solution
After logging into the server with the password wbWdlBxEir4CaE8LaPhauuOo6pwRmrDw, an `ls ~` shows that there is an `sshkey.private`.
`man ssh` shows the i option does:
"-i identity_file
             Selects a file from which the identity (private key) for public key authentication is read.  You
             can also specify a public key file to use the corresponding private key that is loaded in
             ssh-agent(1) when the private key file is not present locally.  The default is ~/.ssh/id_dsa,
             ~/.ssh/id_ecdsa, ~/.ssh/id_ecdsa_sk, ~/.ssh/id_ed25519, ~/.ssh/id_ed25519_sk and ~/.ssh/id_rsa.
             Identity files may also be specified on a per-host basis in the configuration file.  It is possible
             to have multiple -i options (and multiple identities specified in configuration files).  If no cer‐
             tificates have been explicitly specified by the CertificateFile directive, ssh will also try to
             load certificate information from the filename obtained by appending -cert.pub to identity file‐
             names."
Following that logic, to get to the next level you need this command:
`ssh -i sshkey.private -p 2220 bandit14@bandit.labs.overthewire.org`
You will be prompted for remembering the key, type `yes`, and you are in.
